:sparkles: excludeAssetFilter (#747)
umijs/qiankun: docs/api/README.md

    - getPublicPath - `(url: string) => string` - optional

    - getTemplate - `(tpl: string) => string` - optional
    

>     - excludeAssetFilter - `(asset: string) => boolean` - optional，some special subapplication resources should be loaded without qiankun hijacking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - excludeAssetFilter - `(asset: string) => boolean` - optional，some special dynamic loaded micro app resources should not be handled by qiankun hijacking
```
